Agentless: add aws_secretsmanager SVIDStore plugin (#2542)
spiffe/spire: doc/plugin_agent_svidstore_aws_secretsmanager.md

> # Agent plugin: SVIDStore "aws_secretsmanager"

Reviewer: We probably want to describe the JSON format that is used to store the SVID information? We may have a section in this document for that.

| access_key_id      |  AWS access key id. Default: value of AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID environment variable. |
| secret_access_key  |  AWS secret access key. Default: value of AWS_SECRET_ACCESSKEY environment variable. |
| region             |  AWS region to store the secrets. |

A sample configuration:

```
    SVIDStore "aws_secretsmanager" {
       plugin_data {
           access_key_id = "ACCESS_KEY_ID"
           secret_access_key = "SECRET_ACCESS_KEY"
           region = "us-east-1"
       }
    }
```

### Store selectors

Selectors are used as a source for information about AWS Secret. And a Secret is created or updated to keep it updated with latests X509-SVID.

| Selector                        | Example                                   | Description                                    |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `aws_secretsmanager:secretname` | `aws_secretsmanager:secretname:some-name` | The secrets name where SVID will be stored |
| `aws_secretsmanager:arn`        | `aws_secretsmanager:arn:some-arn`         | The secrets ARN where SVID will be stored |

> | `aws_secretsmanager:kmskeyid    | `aws_secretmanager:kmskeyid`              | The custom key managers Key ID used to encrypt secret, in case it is not provided default KMSKeyID from Secrets manager will be used |

Reviewer: I think that this description is not really accurate.

```suggestion
| `aws_secretsmanager:kmskeyid    | `aws_secretmanager:kmskeyid`              | Specifies the ARN, Key ID, or alias of the AWS KMS customer master key (CMK) to be used to encrypt the secrets. Any of the supported ways to identify a AWS KMS key ID can be used. If a CMK in a different account needs to be referenced, only the key ARN or the alias ARN can be used. If not specified, the AWS account's default CMK is used |
```

# Agent plugin: SVIDStore "aws_secretsmanager"

The `aws_secretsmanager` plugin stores in [AWS Secrets Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/es/secrets-manager/) the resulting X509-SVIDs of the entries that the agent is entitled to. 

### Secret format

The format that is used to store in a secret the issued identity is the following:

```
{
	"spiffeId": "spiffe://example.org",
	"x509Svid": "X509_CERT_CHAIN_PEM",
	"x509SvidKey": "PRIVATE_KET_PEM",
	"bundle": "X509_BUNDLE_PEM",
	"federatedBundles": {
		"spiffe://federated.org": "X509_FEDERATED_BUNDLE_PEM"
	}
}
```

### Configuration

When the SVIDs are updated, the plugin takes care of updating them in AWS Secrets Manager.

| Configuration      | Description |
| ------------------ | ----------- |
| access_key_id      |  AWS access key id. Default: value of AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID environment variable. |

> | secret_access_key  |  AWS secret access key. Default: value of AWS_SECRET_ACCESSKEY environment variable. |

Author: they can be empty and aws libraries get it from environment
